This section contains code for constructing the encoded packets that allow the client to perform certain actions. Like other sections, not every single packet instance is included here. Only a few of the major ones I completed are included, as I felt these were somewhat useful. Before quitting I would've completed the movement/"C" packet parser, but I admittedly never did that before quitting. Otherwise pretty much everything that is useful is here, and even then the "C" packet is absolutely not all that useful or necessary. Note that you'll see a lot of numbers like 192 and 254 appear, this how to do with how the arras protocol encodes and handles strings. Due to the logic that is applied, depending on if a string length is < 32, there are different behaviors. For < 192, the length will be recorded as 192 + length, which is why that is a case in a few of these. Otherwise, the sort of length indication byte is set to 254 and some length data is handled afterward. So yeah that's why. I forget the exact details since I haven't really looked at this in a while but I'm sure you can figure it out.
message_constructor - ⚪ - This does pretty much work, but there is a minor caveat. Due to the weird sort of text encoding Arras uses (as I mentioned before), and the fact this parser only uses a basic TextEncoder for utff-8, only single byte characters (so every regular character on your keyboard still, which is by far the most important stuff), will work as intended.
spawn_constructor - ⚪ - Again, the same issue with message_constructor is in the spawn_constructor. The string data you input should only be single byte utf-8 characters, but this really only affects your name and it barely limits it for the reasons mentioned in the prior entry.
stat_upgrade_constructor - ✅
tank_upgrade_constructor - ✅
command_packet_constructor - ✅
control_packet_constructor - 🟠 - This is a newer parser I just did some work on recently as of writing this. I only made it to complete one really essential function I was looking for for a currently private project of mine, and it doesn't have much else.
